---
organization: 
locations: 
tags: 
potentialVictims: 117000000
source: 
start: 
end: 01.01.2016
added: 21.03.2021
---

# русский заголовок

---

# LinkedIn

"A recent incident involving LinkedIn, the business-oriented social 
networking service, is showing that data breaches can cause big problems
 for companies and consumers — even years after the breaches take place.
 On May 17, 2016, LinkedIn discovered that information stolen in a 2012 
incident was being made available online, and notified site users immediately the next day about what happened and what they were doing to fix it.
In 2012, an alleged 117 million
 email and password combinations were stolen by hackers. At the time, 
LinkedIn issued a mandatory password reset for any accounts they thought
 were compromised; all LinkedIn members were encouraged to change their 
passwords as well, just in case.
Fast forward to present day, and the 2012 breach has come back to 
haunt LinkedIn. The stolen data popped up online, and in an e-mail to 
LinkedIn users sent on May 25, 2016, the company said the published 
information included email addresses, hashed passwords, and LinkedIn 
member IDs, which are an internal identifier LinkedIn assigns to each 
member profile. They immediately invalidated passwords of all LinkedIn 
accounts that were created prior to the 2012 breach and had not 
undergone a password reset since the breach.
LinkedIn’s attempts to protect users, however, are extending beyond 
resetting passwords this time. They are also using automated tools to 
try and identify (and block) any suspicious activity on specific 
LinkedIn accounts. The proper authorities have been contacted and 
LinkedIn is working with law enforcement. They have demanded that anyone
 making stolen password data available must stop immediately, or face 
potential legal action.
In their e-mail, the company also shared that they have improved 
security features since the 2012 breach, which will hopefully prevent 
another incident like this from happening in the future. As examples, 
they noted that they use salted hashes to store passwords and offer two-step verification
 for members who are interested in additional security. LinkedIn also 
encouraged members to use strong passwords and to change them regularly.
 If you don’t change your password often enough because you have trouble
 remembering new passwords, consider using a password manager, which can help you keep all of your passwords organized."More information: https://www.identityforce.com/blog/linkedin-data-breach-continues-cause-...
