---
organization: 
locations: 
tags: 
potentialVictims: 32000000
source: 
start: 
end: 01.01.2009
added: 21.03.2021
---

# русский заголовок

---

# RockYou

The security firm Imperva issued a warning to RockYou that there was a serious SQL Injection flaw in their database. Such a flaw could grant hackers access to the service's entire list of user names and passwords in the database. Imperva said that after it notified RockYou about the flaw, it was apparently fixed over the weekend. But that's not before at least one hacker gained access to what they claim is all of the 32 million accounts; 32,603,388 to be exact. The database included a full list of unprotected plain text passwords and email addresses.UPDATE (4/21/2011): The 32 million email addresses and passwords exposed include log in information from social networking sites like Facebook and MySpace.  On April 18, 2011 a court ruled that the loss of information caused injury. The court determined that "the unauthorized disclosure of personal information via the Internet is itself relatively new, and therefore more likely to raise issues of law not yet settled in the courts."  The court also found that RockYou.com's privacy policy language, which stated that RockYou.com's servers were secure, did not automatically preclude the plaintiff's allegation that a contract had been breached because the plaintiff alleged that the servers were not secure.UPDATE (3/27/2012): The Federal Trade Commission is alleging that RockYou violated the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Rule (COPPA Rule) by collecting information from approximately 179,000 children.  A proposed FTC settlement order requires RockYou to pay a civil penalty of $250,000 to settle COPPA charges. In addition to the penalty, the company would be barred from future deceptive claims regarding company privacy and data security, required to implement and maintain a data security program, and barred from future violations of the COPPA rule.
