---
organization: 
locations: 
tags: 
potentialVictims: 65469300
source: 
start: 
end: 01.01.2016
added: 21.03.2021
---

# русский заголовок

---

# Tumblr

"A third party accessed a set of Tumblr user email addresses with salted and hashed passwords, the Yahoo-owned microblogging site said Thursday.
The credentials are from early 2013, prior to Tumblr's acquisition by Yahoo, officials said in a May 12 blog post.  
The site's security team investigated the matter as soon as it became aware of the incident.
“Our analysis gives us no reason to believe that this information was used to access Tumblr accounts,” the blog said. 
Officials said in the blog that those affected will be required to 
set a new password as a precaution. Users are instructed to visit the 
sites security page for more information on how to keep their accounts 
secure."More information: https://www.scmagazine.com/tumblr-announces-email-credentials-compromise...UPDATE (5/31/2016):  "More than 65 million Tumblr accounts from a 2013 breach were spotted for sale on the dark web. 
Security researcher and Haveibeenpwned
 owner Troy Hunt recently found a database containing the stolen account
 information for sale on a dark web market site and listed the breach on
 his own site as the third largest ever.
A hacker known as Peace was selling the database for $150, according to Vice's Motherboard.
 Peace told Motherboard the price is so low because the salted passwords
 are very difficult to crack however, Hunt told the publication roughly 
half of the passwords will likely be cracked due to weak password 
protections that were used at the time. 
On May 12, Tumblr notified
 users of the breach that compromised user email addresses with salted 
and hashed passwords from early 2013 and told users there is no reason 
to believe that the information was used to access their Tumblr 
accounts.
Although the breach isn't as bad as other major breaches, it has the 
potential to be dangerous for users who re-use passwords, Kaspersky Lab 
Senior Security Researcher Brian Bartholomew told SCMagazine.com via 
email. 
“If you were to think about how many users from Tumblr have Apple 
cloud accounts, Twitter accounts, Gmail or other online mail accounts, 
etc. the potential risk is high for this breach to bleed over into other
 stories down the road,” he said.  “These credentials could be used by 
criminals to access anything from bank accounts, to mail accounts, to 
other online systems that may house personal data / pictures / etc.”
Bartholomew also said the credentials could be used to carry out phishing attacks, targeting and extortion."More information: https://www.scmagazine.com/tumblr-accounts-from-2013-breach-for-sale-on-...
